hello there I'm James and today I'm
looking at work or I'm gonna try anyway
I'm gonna set up cloud flares new 1.1.1
for families DNS resolver malware and
adult content filter thingy we're gonna
find out just how good at blocking the
Porco's this stuff is so join us as we
try to look at the kinkiest stuff
possible on an lmg computer on an LMG
network during LMG hours because Linus
isn't here okay I'm gonna set it up in
the few seconds it takes me to explain
what a DNS resolver and content filter
actually is so CloudFlare is 1 da 1 da 1
da 1 is simply a DNS resolver which is
the service that translates your human
readable domain name like Linus tech
tips com into an Internet understandable
address like 10 31 92.6 an IP address
with 1.1 for families CloudFlare is
added in basically a middleman that
looks up whether or not that domain name
has been categorized by third-party
providers as adult content or malware
all we have to do is type in 1.1 1.2
here if we want to block just malware or
dot 3 if we also want to block adult
content okay you should be set up now
now naturally you want to test this and
I don't want to just navigate to some
site that has malware to find out
whether or not this works but there are
sites you can use to help you do this
safely one of them is called phishing
test category com phishing test category
com this site cannot be reached it's
working it's working there's also a
similar test site for adult content this
one's called nudity test category com
that isn't working either that's great
but how do I know that this test site
isn't just broken crap I need to test
this in the wild it's time to pull out
the big guns and try going to something
more
organic real life wait what are their
names
gonzo I did some research I got a list
of popular porn sites
I've heard of one called hub calm the
pride of Montreal it's not working b:g
calm nothing ok hamster calm I hope this
one doesn't work because I don't want to
know what's on it
I'm sure one of those words we think
does that have a piano he's always
happing is happening around okay no
hamsters today is there like a hand-eye
streaming site celeb jihad calm the
fapping
beep that doesn't work I remember that
from the early 2000s Suicide Girls calm
whoa yes this is working show wing rap
calm classic right I can't get to it
this video is just a guy don't watch
porn if your dad blocked it okay
speaking of sites that I'm unable to
access when four families just launched
there was a bunch of false positives
people weren't able to go to LGBT
resources and I'll and also some sites
related to reporting hate crimes and
stuff so CloudFlare released a statement
and they said that they rectified it and
I think that was all in like the first
day but let's try some of these sites to
see if I can get to them Stonewall how
about that Stonewall that Stonewall calm
this is just a random placeholder
website LGBTQ foundation this is also
not a real website broken rainbow org
dot uk'
the heck this is real it's a real site
this website looks so bad it looks like
the type of website you land on when the
website doesn't exist well I'm glad this
site was created because it looks like
it has important resources
Lambda Legal let's try that one that
works too and it looks like they use
Squarespace or something semi modern
thank you okay now let's try to get some
erotic imagery just not on a blatant
porn site you know like how about a
not-safe-for-work google image where
should i type in andy boobies how about
boobies
artful movies is this a cake I think
it's a cake yeah I think boobies in
general is just too nice tits yeah okay
here we go lots of boobs lots of boobs
are coming up guys we're gonna have to
blur the whole screen this can't be real
those are too is there sexy minecraft is
that another thing oh my god
sexy minecraft Thanos Wow
he's not even wearing a glove what the
oh this world cartoon dong
that's homosexual cartoon porn with dogs
okay I got here this is just on Google
this is Google Images insane alright so
we defeated families already okay if I'm
like a 12 year old kid images this fine
that's way better than a Sears catalog
how about a sub red right I have a
friend he says why would you go to
pornhub when you can go to our slash
reddick oh it's so real and cool
I mean it's images mostly I guess but
reddit comm your block notifications yes
I'm 18 and there's a vagina even the
banner of this subreddit is pornographic
like if you're trying to get your kid to
not I can't stop scrolling if you get
actual goddamnit if you're trying to get
your kid to not look at porn then this
is there's so many ways around like the
kid doesn't even have to like one-up you
like you might think it's an arms race
we're like lookit I'm just trying to
make it a little harder for my child so
it's just not so easy and my kiddos do
some research and they have to install a
VPN and maybe they make their IT dad a
little bit proud here comes my butt no
this is as easy as ever
how about Twitter oh I mean this is
blurred up cuz it's kind of Japanese but
okay yeah here we go yes that's a big
peepee OTT store calm
well kinda works should I be trying to
go to different types of malware sites
and seeing like this is brutal I would
rather my kids were looking at images
and like scrolling through social media
looking at short videos than having
access to an unlimited library of
high-definition streaming pornography
that they could you know the problem is
that you click through like 50 different
videos and that's just bad for your
brain so at least it mitigates that -
that capacity it'll work on your phone -
1.1.1 for family is it supported by the
app so thanks for watching short-circuit
today I think mom think it's my lunch
hour you're welcome I gotta go